feat: Add Release Health to wizard (#2750)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/javascript/angularjs.md

---
name: AngularJS
doc_link: https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/angular/angular1/
support_level: production
type: framework
---

> To use Sentry with your Angular application, you will need to use `@sentry/angular` (Sentry’s Browser Angular SDK).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install our Browser Angular SDK using either `yarn` or `npm`:
```

Add the Sentry SDK as a dependency using `yarn` or `npm`:

```bash
# Using yarn
yarn add @sentry/browser @sentry/integrations

# Using npm
npm install --save @sentry/browser @sentry/integrations
```

> You should `init` the Sentry browser SDK as soon as possible during your application load up, before initializing Angular:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`init` the Sentry Browser SDK as soon as possible during your page load, before initializing Angular:
```

```javascript
import angular from "angular";
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";
import { Integrations } from "@sentry/tracing";
import { Angular as AngularIntegration } from "@sentry/integrations";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  autoSessionTracking: true,
  integrations: [
    new AngularIntegration(),
    new Integrations.BrowserTracing({
      tracingOrigins: ["localhost", "https://yourserver.io/api"],
    }),
  ],

>   // We recommend adjusting this value in production, or using tracesSampler
>   // for finer control

Reviewer: The model we've adopted removes the comments from the code, adding it as an explanatory text that follows. 
```suggestion

```

```javascript
var angular = require("angular");
var ngRaven = require("raven-js/plugins/angular").moduleName;
var ngRoute = require("angular-route");

var myAppFilters = require("./myAppFilters");
var myAppControllers = require("./myAppControllers");
var moduleName = "myApp";

angular.module(moduleName, [ngRaven, ngRoute, myAppControllers, myAppFilters]);

module.exports = moduleName;
import angular from "angular";
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";
import { Integrations } from "@sentry/tracing";
import { Angular as AngularIntegration } from "@sentry/integrations";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  autoSessionTracking: true,
  integrations: [
    new AngularIntegration(),
    new Integrations.BrowserTracing({
      tracingOrigins: ["localhost", "https://yourserver.io/api"],
    }),
  ],

  // We recommend adjusting this value in production, or using tracesSampler
  // for finer control
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
});

// Finally require ngSentry as a dependency in your application module.
angular.module("yourApplicationModule", ["ngSentry"]);
```

> 

Reviewer: We recommend adjusting the value of `tracesSampleRate` in production. Learn more about configuring sampling in our [full documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/performance/sampling/).

Reviewer: We're also adding this to the end of each wizard (after the verification example):
If you're new to Sentry, use the email alert to access your account and complete a product tour.

If you're an existing user and have disabled alerts, you won't receive this email.
